Clarify the security implication of using this module in the README (#34)
fastify/fastify-csrf: README.md

![Node.js CI](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-csrf/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://standardjs.com/)

This plugin helps developers protect their fastify server against [CSRF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery) attacks.
In order to fully protect against CSRF, developers should study [Cross-Site Request Forgery Prevention Cheat Sheet](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cross-Site_Request_Forgery_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html)

> in great details. See also [pillarjs/understanding-csrf](https://github.com/pillarjs/understanding-csrf) as a good guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in depth. See also [pillarjs/understanding-csrf](https://github.com/pillarjs/understanding-csrf) as a good guide.
```

## Security Disclaimer

Securing applications against CSRF is a _developer responsibility_ and it should not be fully trusted to any third party modules.
We do not claim this this module is able to protect an application without a clear study of CSRF, its impact and the needed mitigations.
fastify-csrf provides a series of utilities that developers can use to secure their application.
We recommend using [fastify-helmet](https://github.com/fastify/fastify-helmet) to implement some of those mitigations.

> Security is always a tradeoff between risk mitigation, functionality and developer experience.
> As a result we will not consider a security vulnerability a default that might be unsafe in certain scenarios,
> as long as this module provides a way to provide a full mitigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security is always a tradeoff between risk mitigation, functionality and developer experience.
As a result we will not consider a report of a plugin default configuration option as security
vulnerability that might be unsafe in certain scenarios as long as this module provides a
way to provide full mitigation through configuration.
```

})
```

### Securing the secret

> The `secret` shown in the code above is strictly just a sample. In all cases, you'd need to make sure that the `secret` is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `secret` shown in the code above is strictly just an example. In all cases, you'd need to make sure that the `secret` is:
```

- **Never** hard-coded in the code or `.env` files or anywhere in the repository
- Stored in some external services like KMS, Vault or something similar
- Read at run-time and supplied in this option

> - Long enough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Of significant character length to provide adequate entropy
```
